Adding docs for the directional light component (#1913)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/components/reference/atom/directional-light.md

[Atom Gem](/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/rendering/atom/atom/)

## Directional Light Properties

![Directional Light component interface.](/images/user-guide/components/reference/atom/light-component-ui/directional-light.png)

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
| - | - | - | - |

> | **Color** | The color of the light. The color acts as a mask or gel on perfectly white light source. For instance, a 1000 lux light with a white color will actually be 1000 lux, but a 1000 lux light with an 18% gray color will only be 180 lux. | Color | White |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Color** | The color of the light. The color acts as a mask or gel on a perfectly white light source. For instance, a 1000 lux light with a white color will actually be 1000 lux, but a 1000 lux light with an 18% gray color will only be 180 lux. | Color | `255, 255, 255` |
```

> | **Intensity mode** | Allows specifying light values in lux or Ev100. Lux is a linear light value while EV100 is logarithmic (similar to camera stops). | `Lux` or `Ev100` | `Ev100` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Intensity mode** | Allows specifying light values in lux or EV100. Lux is a linear light value while EV100 is logarithmic (similar to camera stops). | `Lux` or `Ev100` | `Ev100` |
```
I have a couple edits here to make capitalization consistent when the lux and EV100 refers to the UI property vs. the unit.

> | **Intensity** | Intensity of the light in the photometric unit set by **Intensity Mode**. | Any number for `EV100`, any positive number for `Lux` | `4.0` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Intensity** | Intensity of the light in the photometric unit set by **Intensity mode**. | Any number for `Ev100`, any positive number for `Lux` | `4.0` |
```

> | **Angular diameter** | The angular diameter of the light source in degrees. This is used to make sure specular highlights from directional lights don't completely disappear on mirror smooth surfaces. The angular diameter of the sun as viewed from earth is about 0.5°. | 0.0 - 5.0 | `0.5` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Angular diameter** | The angular diameter of the light source in degrees. This is used to make sure specular highlights from directional lights don't completely disappear on mirror-smooth surfaces. The angular diameter of the Sun as viewed from earth is about 0.5°. | 0.0 - 5.0 | `0.5` |
```

> | **Angular diameter** | The angular diameter of the light source in degrees. This is used to make sure specular highlights from directional lights don't completely disappear on mirror-smooth surfaces. The angular diameter of the Sun as viewed from earth is about 0.5°. | 0.0 - 5.0 | `0.5` |

Reviewer 2: Earth should be capitalized as well
```suggestion
| **Angular diameter** | The angular diameter of the light source in degrees. This is used to make sure specular highlights from directional lights don't completely disappear on mirror-smooth surfaces. The angular diameter of the Sun as viewed from Earth is about 0.5°. | 0.0 - 5.0 | `0.5` |

```

| **Shadow** | Refer to [Shadow properties](#shadow-properties) below. | | |
| **Global Illumination** | Refer to [Global Illumination properties](#global-illumination-properties) below. | | |

### Shadow properties

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
| - | - | - | - |

> | **Camera** | The entity of the camera the shadows will be visible from. Used to calculate the view frustums for shadow cascades. | Entity Id | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Camera** | The entity of the camera the shadows will be visible from. Used to calculate the view frustums for shadow cascades. | EntityId | None |
```

> | **Shadow far clip** | The distance to the far clip plane of the shadow. This is the maximum distance from the light source that shadows can cast. | 0 to Infinity | `100.0` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Shadow far clip** | The distance to the far clip plane of the shadow. This is the maximum distance from the light source that shadows will cast. | 0 to Infinity | `100.0` |
```

| **Shadowmap size** | The texture width and height of each shadow map cascade. | `256`, `512`, `1024`, `2048` | `1024` |
| **Cascade count** | The number of shadow cascades. | 1 - 4 | `4` |

> | **Automatic splitting** | If enabled, the **Split ratio** is used, otherwise the **Far depth cascade** values are used. | Boolean | Enabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Automatic splitting** | If enabled, the **Split Ratio** is used, otherwise the **Far depth cascade** values are used. | Boolean | Enabled |
```

| **Split Ratio** | Ratio between linear (0) and logarithmic (1) splitting schemes for the shadow cascades. | 0.0 - 1.0 | `0.9` |

> | **Far depth cascade** | The far depth of each cascade with x/y/z/w being for cascade 1/2/3/4. Unused cascades are ignored when cascade count is less than 4. | 0.0 to **Shadow far clip** | X: 25.0, Y: 50.0, Z: 75.0, W: 100.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Far depth cascade** | The far depth of each cascade with x/y/z/w being for cascade 1/2/3/4. Unused cascades are ignored when **Cascade count** is less than 4. | 0.0 to **Shadow far clip** | X: 25.0, Y: 50.0, Z: 75.0, W: 100.0 |
```

| **Ground height** | The height of the ground relative to the camera used to correct position of cascades. | -Infinity to Infinity | `0.0` |
| **Cascade correction** | If enabled, shadow cascades will be adjusted to optimize the appearance for certain camera positions. | Boolean | Disabled |

> | **Debug coloring** | If enabled, shadow cascades will be colored to see their placement. Red, green, blue, and yellow are used to show cascades 1 to 4. | Boolean | Disabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Debug coloring** | If enabled, shadow cascades will be colored to make their placement more visible. Red, green, blue, and yellow are used to show cascades 1 to 4. | Boolean | Disabled |
```

> | **Shadow filter method** | Filtering method of edge-softening of shadows. <ul><li>None: No filtering</li><li>PCF: Percentage-closer filtering</li><li>ESM: Exponential shadow maps</li><li>ESM+PCF: ESM with a PCF fallback</li></ul> | `None`, `PCF`, `ESM`, `ESM+PCF` | `None` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Shadow filter method** | Filtering method for edge-softening. <ul><li>None: No filtering</li><li>PCF: Percentage-closer filtering</li><li>ESM: Exponential shadow maps</li><li>ESM+PCF: ESM with a PCF fallback</li></ul> | `None`, `PCF`, `ESM`, `ESM+PCF` | `None` |
```

| **Filtering sample count** | The number of samples to use when filtering a shadow along an edge. Only applies to PCF and ESM+PCF. | 4 - 64 | `32` |
| **Shadow Receiver Plane Bias Enable** | If enabled, the plane of the shadow receiver is adjusted to reduce shadow acne on large PCF kernels. | Boolean | Enabled | 

> | **Shadow Bias** | Reduces acne by applying a fixed bias along the z axis in shadow-space. | 0.0 - 0.2 | `0.0015` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Shadow Bias** | Reduces acne by applying a fixed bias along the z-axis in shadow-space. | 0.0 - 0.2 | `0.0015` |
```

| **Normal Shadow Bias** | Reduces acne by biasing the shadow map lookup along the geometric normal. | 0.0 - 10.0 | `2.5` |

> | **Blend between cascades** | If enabled, shadow cascades will blend smoothly with each other. | Boolean | Disabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Blend between cascades** | If enabled, shadow cascades blend smoothly with each other. | Boolean | Disabled |
```

> | **Fullscreen Blur** | If enabled, a full-screen blur will be applied to the shadows. | Boolean | Enabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Fullscreen Blur** | If enabled, a full-screen blur is applied to the shadows. | Boolean | Enabled |
```

> | **Fullscreen Blur Strength** | Affects how strong the fullscreen shadow blur is. | 0 - 0.95 | `0.67` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Fullscreen Blur Strength** | Sets the strength of the fullscreen shadow blur. | 0 - 0.95 | `0.67` |
```

> | **Fullscreen Blur Sharpness** | Affects how sharp the fullscreen shadow blur appears around edges. | 0 - 400 | `50` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Fullscreen Blur Sharpness** | Sets the sharpness of the fullscreen shadow blur around edges. | 0 - 400 | `50` |
```

### Global Illumination properties

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
| - | - | - | - |
| **Affects GI** | If enabled, this light affects diffuse global illumination. | Boolean | Enabled |

> | **Factor** | Multiplier on the amount of contribution to diffuse global illumination. | 0.0 - 2.0 | `1.0` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Factor** | Multiplies this light's contribution to diffuse global illumination. | 0.0 - 2.0 | `1.0` |
```
